Microsoft Excel
Customer Service
Analysis
MS Office
Collaboration
Technical
Database
Project Management
SQL
Compliance
Communication Skills
Innovation
Detail Oriented
Customer Service
Compliance
Documentation
Proactive
Detail Oriented
Problem Solving Skills
Collaboration
Technical
Analysis
Process Improvement
Facilitation
Accuracy
Project Management
MS Office
Vendor Management
Data Analytics
Reconciling
SQL
Forecasting
Database
Accountable
Business Administration
Innovation
Communication Skills
Verbal Communication
Attention to Detail
Excellent analytical skills
High proficiency in Microsoft Office applications
Must be able to work with minimal supervision
Good interpersonal skills to work with different management levels
Strong business acumen
Transformation as a service
Machine Learning
Artificial Intelligence
Microsoft Office and productivity tools
Advanced Microsoft Excel
Enterprise resource planning
Business strategy
Leadership and management
Peformance management
Business communication
Defense federal acquisition regulations
Transportation management systems
Escalation management
Third-party logistics (3PL)
Supply chain coordination
Python
R
Oracle
Information Technology
IT
 Critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Process improvement
Project management
Client relationship and communication
Data reporting
Networking knowledge and standards
Forecasting, data mining, statistical analysis, examining and interpreting data
Mathematical skills
Compliance with state-specific regulations and guidelines
Knowledge of Unix, ERP, SQL, Mainframe, Sharepoint
Modeling
Report Findings
SAP Solution Manager
program requirement
Test Management
evaluate and implement system
program requirement documents
regulatory and compliance
tax
Accounting
financial reporting
Costs/benefit
Six Sigma
KPI
Inventory
Sales
business mechanics
CRM
Big data
process gaps
IT Service Management
ITIL
operational risks
Problem Management
document custodian
Results-oriented
logistics
corporate actions
asset servicing
Green Belt
Blac Belt
PMP
Cognos
AS400
quantitative models
SLA
Persado
deployment strategy
support efforts
Services consulting
strategic slotting
GWAM
Achieve
Achieve performance goals such as SLAs and KPIs, in a transformative and changing environment.
Achieve your life goals and work goals at Persado.
Adapt
Adapt strategy to changing conditions.
Address
Address and resolve user queries, requests and problems on a timely basis.
Address Field questions relating to Quotas and Commission.
Address operations issues and anomalies as required.
Address question on content from customer facing functions.
Adhere
Adhere to strict and aggressive unit deadlines for turnaround of related information.
Advise
Advise on sales resource deployment strategy.
Advise on sponsorship requirements and processes.
Advise specialists on areas to focus installation and support efforts.
Advise the business on priorities for network design and implementation.
Advocate
Advocate a culture of change and continuous process improvement across the organization.
Align
Align and document requirements for projects requiring external resources to assist in development.
Align closely with regional sales teams to provide deal solution proposals and Services consulting.
Analyze
Analyze and optimize inventory allocation across our sales channels and major trading parties.
Analyze and understand business processes to identify technical requirements.
Analyze and update market figures for customer segments and target groups.
Analyze daily operations, identify and implement improvements.
Analyze data trends for process improvement and key strategic projects.
Analyze financial loans and decision loans based on pre-set criteria.
Analyze operations flows to inform strategic slotting and item management decisions.
Analyze, oversee and report upon GWAM data.
Analyze revenue and margin.
Analyze issues and determines next steps.
Approve
Approve third party payments through accurate reconciliation of financial records.
Assess
Assess and reconcile sales data systems to ensure ongoing data accuracy.
Assess techniques, staffing, and equipment to determine production rates and capacities.
Assist in / Assist with
Assist in Client Media Audits and support where required.
Assist in creating and implementing controls over business and system processes. (.
Assist in developing logistics plans and procedures.
Assist in developing service standards and team KPIs.
Assist in ensuring the Service Providers are adhering to our client's defined standards.
Assist in ISO27001, PCI, Third Party, and Client Audits.
Assist in maintaining data integrity of the systems – including some data entry and cleansing.
Assist in managing territory and account assignments, which can include modifying data in Salesforce.
Assist in preparing weekly, quarterly and yearly sales QBR and Board presentations.
Assist in the approvals of orders, basket files, distributions and Net Asset Values (NAVs).
Assist in the development of ATM operational concepts, processes and automation.
Assist in the development of standard reports for business unit.
Assist in the generation of M&A due diligence reports for Go-to-Market areas.
Assist in the implementation of proactive process improvements.
Assist Sales department in distribution of leads.
Assist with administering sales suite systems, including SFDC and Anaplan.
Assist with all onsite support of events for Miami and Latin American offices.
Assist with animation pipeline and associated workflows.
Assist with budgeting and compensation plan creation for Sales.
Assist with designing and mapping business processes and procedures.
Assist with gap analyses highlighting current state, future state based on best practices.
Assist with internal reporting for all GTM departments.
Assist with planning webinars / customer education.
Assist with product catalog set up and maintenance.
Assist with quarterly and monthly analyses in support of the Commercial Leadership Team.
Assist with system testing manufacturing integrations.
Assist with the transition of projects from development to support.
Assist with tracking all new hires and ensure they have a great on-boarding experience.
Assist with various other general accounting tasks as needed.
Build
Build, and maintain reports in Looker, Google Sheets, and Excel.
Build or optimize cross-functional processes or programs.
Capture
Capture, specify and document key business functions, responsibilities and workflows.
Capture system issue and escalate to technology team and managers immediately.
Champion
Champion the use of SalesForce and best practice within the sales team and wider business.
Collaborate with
Collaborate and support geographically and culturally diverse cross-functional teams.
Collaborate with system and strategy developers for analysis and debugging of technical issues.
Collaborate with the Managers, Strategic Procurement to finalize their contract events.
Collaborate with the sales team to gather feedback and improve on existing processes.
Communicate
Communicate directly with Help Desk leads to ensure that the product is functioning properly.
Communicate effectively within the team relative to service issues and scheduled changes.
Communicate with Financial Advisors and / or Assistants when necessary.
Communicate with team regarding project development, timelines, and results.
Complete
Complete reporting requests and prepare Google Slide presentations on an ad hoc basis.
Complete special projects tied to Operations as needed.
Complete tickets for Clients Overnight Loans / Deposits.
Complete transactions, investigation or other processing activities.
Complete work in timely manner.
Conduct
Conduct ad-hoc analysis as required by the GTM leaders.
Conduct analyses and provide reports as required from Sales, Marketing, Operations, and Finance.
Conduct code reviews and act as a role model on the team.
Conduct in-depth business analysis / investigation on a project-by-project basis.
Conduct market research to enhance and validate data for our customers and leads.
Conduct quality checks of the Clinical TMF documents.
Conduct quarterly Release and patch rollout for European authorization system.
Conduct regular audits on all inbound and outbound phone lines.
Conduct sales productivity analysis and provide actionable recommendations to sales leadership.
Connect
Connect with affiliated UXS to identify responses then own the communications with finance.
Contribute
Contribute ideas for improvements in the company and general processes.
Contribute to a multidisciplinary team of business professional.
Contribute to ongoing efforts to streamline and improve processes.
Convert
Convert and share business forecasts into distribution center and carrier level forecasts.
Convey
Convey information clearly and effectively through both formal and informal documents.
Coordinate
Coordinate and executes quality assurance testing.
Coordinate and lead cross-functional meetings, document decisions & follow-up on actions.
Coordinate and process transactions across multiple systems.
Coordinate daily funding needs for desk.
Co-ordinate end-of-period processes.
Coordinate site load and stress testing including hands on operational tasks.
Coordinate the receipt of missing / incomplete documentation with our internal Servicing partners.
Coordinate with national Sales Operations on final payments and notifies participants of results.
Craft
Craft a process flow for invoicing, salesforce entries, quote requests, and price cards.
Create
Create and maintain processes for invoicing in arrears as needed.
Create dashboards, metrics, and KPIs to monitor and drive 3PL performance.
Create detailed business analysis, outlining problems, opportunities, and solutions.
Create detailed reports on internal incident response measures of success.
Create, maintain, and distribute sales reporting for the sales department.
Create, review and maintain automated solution documentation.
Create rough shot mock-ups as proof of concept for artists and supervisors (if required).
Create settlement journals and wires for all confirmed transactions.
Create visuals in the form of boards and dashboards in the JIRA tool based on requirements.
Define
Define and implement process improvement techniques that generate operational efficiencies.
Deliver
Deliver complex projects from conception to implementation and manage the relationships among them.
Deliver shipment tracking information to customers and intermediaries.
Design
Design and lead business process reengineering efforts, including process automation.
Design / implement IVR workflows for Voice calls using ICE.
Determine
Determine the use of raw materials for the plant's milk payments.
Develop
Develop ad-hoc reports providing management planning tools.
Develop a focus in an area of interest, including statistical analysis or data science.
Develop and distribute reporting tools and dashboards.
Develop and maintain customer reporting standards.
Develop and manage dashboard reporting to best manage new KPIs and metrics.
Develop and manage end-to-end data and metrics for product delivery success.
Develop an in-depth understanding of Fiduciary Services' solutions and products.
Develop best practices for IT security.
Develop Capital Markets experience in a unique asset class.
Develop financial goals and objectives for the team.
Develop new planning models as required to support new business ventures.
Develop operational initiatives to achieve financial goals.
Develop project plans and scope of work.
Develop reports and analysis.
Develop sales operations policies and procedures.
Develop Standard Operating procedures and train employees in inventory control processes.
Document
Document and publish required documentation for service operations.
Document business results achieved through solution implementation.
Drive
Drive collaboration across different functions and departments.
Drive Improvements in the operations of the SWM business.
Drive operational efforts to aimed at promoting continued customer conversion and product adoption.
Drive regional adoption of processes and policies defined by Global Sales Operations.
Educate
Educate leaders by becoming a subject matter expert in all things delivery and service.
Enable
Enable a best-in-class sales forecast, pipeline and operating cadence.
Ensure
Ensure adherence to our quote to contract processes & policies for our sales team.
Ensure all conditions are received prior to Clear to Close.
Ensure all product information and samples are set up and entered correctly in our ERP.
Ensure backup processes are in place for operational needs are met.
Ensure clarity and urgency in managing issues and queries.
Ensure inputted data matches information in Mission Management Module (or designated database).
Ensure production goals are followed and achieved.
Ensure prompt service issue updates, achieve swift resolution.
Ensure response to high priority incidents, escalations and support of the major incident process.
Ensure teams are in compliance with MSAs.
Ensure that Envolve policies and procedures are followed.
Ensure the daily settlements of all the company securities.
Escalate
Escalate and work with vendors to trouble-shoot and repair failed systems.
Establish
Establish data points needed to determine task duration with Project Management.
Establish milestones and has a significant role in the delegation of responsibilities.
Evaluate
Evaluate appropriate tools for supporting the security operations function.
Evaluate impact of any evolution in the compensation structure.
Examine
Examine financial data and use them to improve profitability.
Execute
Execute Incident, Change, and Problem Management processes.
Execute on optimization and scaling initiatives to support and enhance the merchant experience.
Execute recovery activities according to plan for DR testing and / or actual events.
Explore
Explore customer data and uncover strategic insights and recommendations.
Extend
Extend where possible to enable self-service solutions for Field representatives.
Facilitate
Facilitate financial reporting from regional Property Managers.
Facilitate decision making.
Find
Find ways to increase quality of customer service.
Follow
Follow documented processes to ensure that our everyday vendor operations continue to run smoothly.
Follow process and enforce all established rules.
Follow standards, policies and procedures, comply with disaster and business recovery plans.
Follow-up
Follow up goal achievements and development of the business.
Follow up on outstanding tickets to ensure requests and issues are resolved in a timely manner.
Follow-Up with vendors as required.
Foster
Foster collaboration among team members and among teams.
Gather
Gather and format data into regular and ad-hoc reports, and dashboards.
Generate
Generate ad hoc reporting for sales management.
Generate ad-hoc reports as required by querying SailPoint database.
Generate certification reports using SQL queries.
Generate daily sales and inventory reporting to support dependent ordering tasks.
Generate sales reporting on a weekly / monthly / annual basis.
Handle
Handle change with flexibility.
Handle escalated items or those requiring more expertise.
Handle major incidents and critical outages and escalates when necessary.
Help
Help create and deliver reporting, business KPIs, and business insights.
Help troubleshoot and resolve sales and operational issues.
Identify
Identify and clarify business and functional requirements for clients and internal teams.
Identify and implement opportunities to consolidate, automate and standardize reports.
Identify and report weaknesses in security controls.
Identify areas of opportunity, make recommendations, and implement better processes.
Identify, develop and maintain financial metrics and other operational KPIs.
Identify opportunities to simplify, standardise and streamline current processes.
Identify trends in key sales performance metrics.
Identify, validate, and execute opportunities for sales performance improvements.
Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes.
Implement
Implement and follow best practices for product support and troubleshooting.
Implement chain-wide updates or patches to key systems or appliances with provided instructions.
Implement process improvement initiatives globally driven through technology.
Influence
Influence and collaboration with Teams.
Initiate
Initiate improvement planning in line with company problem solving standards.
Initiate Out of Tolerance Report and ensure process is completed on time.
Inspect
Inspect production code to determine cause of issues and recommend solutions.
Interact
Interact regularly with different functions including Sales, Marketing, Finance and IT.
Interface with
Interface with Contract Manufacturers.
Interface with financing to understand our spec inventory constraints.
Interpret
Interpret file-mapping and conduct testing across multiple platforms and formats.
Interpret, normalize, and reconcile data from third parties and / or clients.
Investigate
Investigate and resolving cash breaks for the company products.
Keep
Keep abreast of emerging issues, trends, and evolving regulatory requirements.
Lead
Lead in the creation of new additional warranty claim streams.
Lead monthly and quarterly business reviews for the Surgical Valve and Structural Intervention teams.
Lead / participate in automation of certification process / activities.
Lead action items in the plan.
Lead efforts requiring customized solutions specific to the Canada region.
Lead the transition of discontinued products to new replacement products.
Lead to Order Process Support.
Lead with integrity to drive business results and contribute to communities.
Liaise with
Liaise with engineering team to remediate issues with internal systems.
Liaise with our fulfillment partners when issues arise on their end.
Liaise with Outsourcing and Advisory teams on various sales operations and enablement efforts.
Liaise with vendors or partners to complete upgrades or maintenance on key systems or appliances.
Liaise with wide range of IS groups in ensuring CDT access requirements are met.
Maintain
Maintain accurate match of club alignment to distributors by brands.
Maintain and enhance monthly reporting to identify trends or exceptions and mitigate risk.
Maintain and report on established customer metrics and service levels.
Maintain and report on organizational resource structure including headcount plans.
Maintain and support the operations of the Upjohn loyalty program.
Maintain and update list of netting clients for future settlements.
Maintain confidentiality.
Maintain current knowledge of tools, techniques, and procedures of attackers.
Maintain good working relationships and motivate employees.
Maintain internal operational and financial controls and ensures they meet bank standards.
Maintain professional demeanor when speaking with clients or individual members.
Maintain quota data with updates on new hires, transfers and promotions.
Maintain records in support of audits.
Maintain structure and access to key sites - SharePoint, Confluence Wiki.
Maintain system level and Business Application documentation.
Maintain the accuracy of Salesforce reports.
Maintain, update and create multiple dashboards and reports.
Make
Make accounting entries in SAP.
Make a difference in the lives of thousands of students as they explore educational opportunities.
Make changes as required to take advantage of revenue-producing opportunities.
Make recommendations for process improvements related to daily payment operations procedures.
Make recommendations to improve operational processes and systems.
Manage
Manage and grow our most important customer relationships.
Manage and improve SEO performance.
Manage annual plan process and operational readiness.
Manage approval and calculation of rebate and MDF payments.
Manage data in CRM and other databases.
Manage expectations of priorities and deliverable dates of all stakeholders.
Manage partner agreement approval requests and other tasks within the onboarding process.
Manage reporting and analysis to support the field (standard and ad hoc).
Manage robust pipeline of scoping requests, including New Business and Renewals.
Manage scheduling priorities before actually scheduling the work to be done.
Manage social media support in alignment with employer / talent acquisition branding initiatives.
Manage the assigned task to ensure adherence to procedures.
Manage the timely delivery of quarterly, annual or ad hoc reports.
Manage timing of deliverables by priority level.
Manage updates to and assure that programs activities follow the incident & escalation framework.
Measure
Measure and document business results achieved through solution implementation.
Measure trends and outcomes.
Monitor
Monitor and report results of physical inventories.
Monitor and review Banknote transaction details before submitting to vault.
Monitor data governance and compliance with standards for maintaining CRM data.
Monitor NA Digital supply chain KPIs daily.
Monitor outstanding AR and resolving discrepancies for Month End close.
Monitor service, productivity and efficiency levels within own function.
Monitor events generated from different monitoring systems (24*7*365).
Monitor operations, identifies potential programs, and is proactive in resolution.
Monitor server space and proactively identifies server cleanup opportunities.
Monitor system life cycles, ensure specifications and functionality support business.
Oversee
Oversee the operational aspects of campaign preparation and attribution.
Own
Own the execution of core platform processes that support the delivery of value to our beloved users.
Own the purchase order workflow and raw material tracking with suppliers.
Participate in
Participate in audits and assessments and provide support, as appropriate.
Participate in completion of annual salary surveys.
Participate in external and internal audits, as required.
Participate in key operational process improvement projects.
Participate in special projects, including system efficiencies and process improvement.
Participate in team meetings, advocate and implement process changes.
Participate in team performance objectives.
Participate in the development of regional Sales Operations processes to streamline workflows.
Perform
Perform Ad Hoc projects for the teams as assigned.
Perform anti-fraud procedures using data provided via our internal reporting systems.
Perform any additional duties as needed.
Perform a variety of complicated tasks.
Perform enterprise reconciliations.
Perform other tasks and projects, as needed.
Perform policy processing activities.
Perform reference data updates and cataloguing of controls.
Perform research on potential improvements to billing and collections tooling and software.
Perform role of Subject Matter Expert to process and system enhancement initiatives.
Perform sales forecasts analysis and identifies any gaps against budgets.
Perform server patching and antivirus updates.
Plan
Plan setup / configuration and claims processing policies.
Plan, organize, schedule and budget in an efficient, productive manner.
Plan the journey routes for our delivery drivers using our delivery software.
Post
Post content into employee social sharing tools on a daily basis.
Prepare
Prepare accurate reports using data from multiple data sources.
Prepare ad-hoc analyses to aid sales management in business operations.
Prepare and maintain regular financial, transaction, and other business reports.
Prepare / compile ongoing trend reporting as required, daily, weekly, and monthly.
Prepare forecasts, analyze discrepancies, and make appropriate recommendations.
Prepare reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data collected from various systems.
Present
Present findings / project to relevant stakeholders and follow up as necessary.
Present information using data visualisation techniques.
Prioritize
Prioritize and manage own workload to meet SLA requirements for service and productivity.
Prioritize effectively the needs of the business, personal workload, and quarterly goals.
Process
Process daily sign ups and cancellations.
Process fee or premium receipts.
Process Global ticket for intercompany funding.
Process improvements and creations where required.
Process manual adjustments, as required, for sales commission calculations.
Produce
Produce and analyze valuation movements within client portfolios on a daily basis.
Produce Metrics reporting for upper management and control teams within the Middle Office.
Produce reports that will allow leadership to make informed decisions.
Produce the Critical Event Plan (CEP) in support of Level 1 or 2 critical events.
Provide
Provide ad hoc analysis and research as input to data management and process improvement initiatives.
Provide adhoc supply chain support for one-time tasks and projects.
Provide analyses to show insights into quotas, revenue trends, and / or sales rep performance.
Provide analysis, preparation, and presentation of key business drivers and financial results.
Provide analytical support and expertise for key projects.
Provide areas of improvement.
Provide continuous assistance to other team members and management when required.
Provide cost analysis in order to keep to budget and steer and improve the business.
Provide current and forecast log inventory updates & maintenance.
Provide deep analytic support and business context to identify and drive critical growth initiatives.
Provide detailed tracking and projections of resources and department spend.
Provide end user support to client reference data business consumers.
Provide estimated delivery times for keyframe and Motion Capture animation.
Provide excellent customer service.
Provide exceptional service to our members.
Provide financial administrative support to the organization.
Provide information and develops reports as required.
Provide network support to include LAN, WAN, and VPN in largely a Cisco Meraki environment.
Provide optimization recommendations based on working experience with people and systems.
Provide QA and post launch support for application changes.
Provide strategic input and can-do orientation on other, mission-critical projects.
Provide technical and administrative support on Salesforce.
Provide technical support for MasterCard's operations environment.
Provide the CISO with weekly status updates.
Provide training and support to the sales organization on SFDC and sales opportunity management.
Provide training, informational and educational materials to impacted employees.
Provide weekly reporting and technical support and training for members of the Field Team.
Recommend
Recommend and coordinate implementation of changes to ITSM services to improve Client metrics.
Recommend improvements of analytics toolset and operations / revenue management reporting process.
Report
Report and properly document errors that are detected.
Report industry and competitor insights to identify new strategic opportunities.
Report out the relevant financial impact of market operations with the highest level of accuracy.
Report weekly metrics for inventory accuracy and process non-compliance.
Research
Research, analysis, data management, and reporting work.
Research billing issues using a variety of analytical and reporting tools.
Research of payment rejects or vendor issues causing payment delays.
Resolve
Resolve / assist in resolving issues.
Respond to
Respond to AGI Traffic mailbox emails.
Respond to inquiries and requests from clients and stakeholders.
Respond to security incidents, manage the process and escalate as required.
Review
Review and approve change orders related to calibration and maintenance.
Review GL account reconciliation.
Review of travel reports and highlight compliance issues with vendors and Travel team.
Review reports and processes to drive proactive remediation vs reactive.
Review transactions to ensure accuracy and integrity of financial data.
Review unbilled media and provide comments.
Review, update and maintain sales reporting for sales effectiveness.
Run
Run routine audits to verify compliance at all levels.
Schedule
Schedule and execute data and file updates, conversions, compliance updates, and mass changes.
Set up
Set up analytics tools and dashboards for products across the company portfolio.
Set up and manage collections as per defined standards.
Strategize
Strategize designs that hit a good performance score regularly.
Structure
Structure and synthesize data into products.
Support
Support and conducts self in a manner consistent with customer service expectations.
Support assigned regional projects which include responsibility for planning.
Support a wide variety of systems from a Level 2 perspective.
Support change management across Legal team related to technology and process improvement.
Support cross-organization projects on behalf of the Finance organization.
Support development data-driven operations tools supporting important business workflows.
Support external presentation creation and review.
Support internal accounting function with accounts payable, expenses, and other needs.
Support internal users in bug fixing / troubleshooting and working with salesforce support team.
Support New Business and Fund Launches.
Support of regional growth strategy.
Support other trial related operational activities as needed and assigned.
Support processes and automation to improve process efficiencies.
Support program managers and product owners in defining success metrics and our ability to measure.
Support reporting of key retention metrics.
Support the forecasting process, including analysis of changes and position / - against YTD quota.
Support the harmonization of information between the two yogurt plants.
Support the implementation and ongoing effective use of new Sales and CX technology stack pieces.
Support the launch or conversion of any new business.
Support year-end external audit.
Take
Take a proactive approach in identifying gaps and / or opportunities to drive operational excellence.
Take part in key strategic initiatives to transform and shape the business for delivering growth.
Track
Track Asset and Corporate Performance Requirements in each ISO / Utility Program.
Track payment schedules and ensure money is received per schedule.
Track progress, identify areas of correction and trends, and validate impact of initiatives.
Track exception / exemption requests and corresponding approvals.
Track installations, modifications, and support efforts to ensure goals are being met.
Track promotion, communication and implementation of programs.
Train
Train and onboard new customers to the platform.
Train new club NAMs on order / inventory processes, reports and their use.
Transfer
Transfer initial forecasting responsibilities, Tableau training, Salesforce.com training.
Update
Update and document standard operating procedures, work instructions, and training.
Update and maintain SOPs, training materials and Quick Reference Guides, as needed.
Update and maintain data, ensuring accurate and current data resources.
Use
Use and combine knowledge of the discipline and the market to formulate the right approach.
Use insights and recommendation to inform commercial strategies and operational decisions.
Use Kraft Heinz CDP processes to develop and maintain an internal shipment forecast.
Use network management software and tools to collect agreed performance statistics.
Use network management tools to collect and report on network load and performance statistics.
Use Operational Planning & Supply Chain Tools.
Work with
Work accurately and cooperatively in a team environment with minimal supervision.
Work alongside our client growth and sales team, supporting the execution of our service.
Work as a in-house recruiter at an innovative technology brand.
Work closely with internal technology and product team members to diagnose and resolve issues.
Work closely with multiple development teams to understand and resolve issues.
Work closely with the sales team to understand priorities and craft an analytics plan.
Work toward 100% change success with no unplanned downtime resulting from planned changes.
Work well as a member of a collaborative team.
Work with custodial services team to service account issues.
Work with development and IT Risk teams to ensure a highly secure environment.
Work with engineering team to reduce rating errors.
Work within functional systems to pull and provide detailed analysis to support business strategies.
Work with Operations Managers and Directors to optimize and improve fulfillment operations.
Work with other operations related tasks as assigned.
Work with Sales and Collections to assist resolution to customer billing.
Work with Sales and Collections to assist resolution to customer billing investigations and disputes.
Work with Sales Ops Leadership and IT to automate and optimize Salesforce workflows.
Work with sales team to assist in quote to contract process in Salesforce.
Most In-demand Hard Skills
The following list describes the most required technical skills of an Operations Analyst:
MS Excel
Finance
Powerpoint
Salesforce
Accounting
MS Word
Tableau
Sales Operations
Economics
Operations
Outlook
Microsoft Office
Marketing
Reporting
Data Analysis
Mathematics
Pivot Tables
Statistics
Analytics
Math
Power BI
Visio
Computer
SAP
Access
Commerce
Business Analysis
Information Systems
Linux
VBA
Dashboards
CPA
Financial Services Industry
Most In-demand Soft Skills
The following list describes the most required soft skills of an Operations Analyst:
Written and oral communication skills
Analytical ability
Problem-solving attitude
Organizational capacity
Attention to detail
Interpersonal skills
Time-management
Detail-oriented
Self-starter
Multi-task
Presentation
Work independently with little direction
Collaborative
Critical thinker
Team player
Flexible
Creative
Self-motivated
Organized
Leadership
Priority management
Initiative
Adaptable to changes
Work ethic
Curious
Make a difference and lasting impact
Positive attitude
Ability to manage multiple tasks
Communications